---
layout: post
title: Ruling and Marriage!
category: projects
---


Watching GOT so elequently shows the ruthless cycle between horrible marriages and war. A war happens, one side looses, a marraige is proposed to keep the peace. The family is patched together, tons of unhappieness follows, eventually somone chooses to betray this sham of a peace-keeping and follow their heart. Of course war follows. And thus the cycles repeats. 

If we were living in times such as those, a problem solving analyst would look at the issue, and say - well, we shouldn't force people to marry people they don't love. Additionally, we shouldn't have rulers that last a lifetime, passing their rule to their kids. 

Well we did that... and it actually works fairly well - I would argue that our current cycle of war at least isn't as petty. At least now we fight over natural resources, terrorist threats, racism, etc. 

So now lets us examine the current political mess. For many many many years, the power and admiration of our forefathers - thomas jefferson, benjamin franklin, george washington fueled our desire to love and present our best to these presidential offices. 

And its worked pretty well! Those characters were a so damn charismatic and inspirational that we still remember and talk about them today. We still think we are a terrific nation because of those founding fathers. Reminds me of what Nintendo has done with their character set - building out from great content to begin with....

Now people are beginning to disrespect politicians. All media shows how they have little true power and are just "playing politics". It shows the corruption and no young kid wants to be president anymore. "you know how much power I would have to give up to be president?". All the good people in movies and books (Ned stark) want to shy away from power and the limelight and it works out that we love them. So what is the overriding message - politics is for people who are gonna be fucked over. Yeah fat chance, Im gonna be elon musk! So what do we get - people who are from a forgotten era - donald trump and hilary who want to be president because its still cool to them. So whats gonna happen in the future? 

For some reason it seems like a familiar issue (hopefully for more of a reason than just me watching them at the same time haha). There is something fundamentally wrong with our perception of the presidency - we scoff at it. We would rather laugh and be entertained and be "above it" than actually care. I am certainely guilty of this. I find myself wanting Trump to win just to "see the shit go down". If everyone feels like me, man we are in trouble. It just feels the same. There is a cycle - first of all we only valued the presidency because of those larger than life legends which started the whole cycle to begin with. So do we need to bolster this cycle again? Throw in some new tall tales to liven up the admiration? Or maybe we need to address the real issue - why we must have these supernatural idols in order to covet the actual office and do a good job and supply our best people. This would probably include not shaming it in movies, etc. Or maybe we need to shift our current admiration of tech mogules. If we forced them to lead, perhaps we would re-form our view of ruling as a duty rather than something to be exalted. 

Or maybe politics needs to be as decentralized as ephereum. hmmm. my thoughts continue....